feat: update nucleus version (#438)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/components/ns-calendar.mdx

<CompDetails name={componentName} />

Ns-calendar is used inside any component that requires a customer to see and select a date from a calendar style view. It is an internal component that cannot be used in a standalone way.

### Examples

<ExampleViewer type="standard" />

## Guidance

:::do
- Use inside other components that require a calendar view.
:::

:::dont

> - Use ns-calendar directly for data entry, it should be used within other components (e.g. ns-date-picker).

Reviewer: Unfortunately, the datepicker does not have a hypen.
```suggestion
- Use ns-calendar directly for data entry, it should be used within other components (e.g. ns-datepicker).
```
